README.md, before:

## coffeeread

**Reading list for weekly (TUES, 13:00, ZOOM) reading meets:**

~~Sep 22: Grimmer, J. and Stewart, B. M. (2013). Text as data: The promise and pitfalls of automatic content analysis methods for political texts. Political Analysis, 21(3):267–297.~~

~~Sep 29: Martin, C.J. and Chevalier, Tom. (2018). What we talk about when we talk about poverty. Working Paper (https://ces.fas.harvard.edu/uploads/files/events/Martin_Chevalier_APSA_2018_final.docx).~~

Oct 20: Rehm, Philipp. (2020). The Future of Welfare State Politics. Political Science Research and Politics.

Nov 3: Przeworski, Adam. (2020). What Have I Learned from Marx and What Still Stands? Politics & Society.

Nov 17: Haselswerdt, J. (2020). Social Welfare Attitudes and Immigrants as a Target Population: Experimental Evidence. Perspectives on Politics, 1-18.

Dec 1: Kurzban et al. 2001. Can race be erased? Coalitional computation and social categorization. Proceedings of the American Academy of Sciences 98(26):15387–15392.

Dec 15: Arceneaux et al. 2020. Is COVID-19 a Threat to Liberal Democracy? https://psyarxiv.com/8e4pa/download?format=pdf

TBD: Achen, C. H. (2005). Let’s put garbage-can regressions and garbage-can probits where they belong. Conflict Management and Peace Science, 22(4):327–339.

Commit message:

Exchanged Przeworski for Alesina et al. on gender roles

README.md, after:

## coffeeread

**Reading list for weekly (TUES, 13:00, ZOOM) reading meets:**

~~Sep 22: Grimmer, J. and Stewart, B. M. (2013). Text as data: The promise and pitfalls of automatic content analysis methods for political texts. Political Analysis, 21(3):267–297.~~

~~Sep 29: Martin, C.J. and Chevalier, Tom. (2018). What we talk about when we talk about poverty. Working Paper (https://ces.fas.harvard.edu/uploads/files/events/Martin_Chevalier_APSA_2018_final.docx).~~

Oct 20: Rehm, Philipp. (2020). The Future of Welfare State Politics. Political Science Research and Politics.

Nov 3: Alesina, Giuliano & Nunn. (2013). On the origins of gender roles: Women and the plough. Quarterly Journal of Economics, 128(2)

Nov 17: Haselswerdt, J. (2020). Social Welfare Attitudes and Immigrants as a Target Population: Experimental Evidence. Perspectives on Politics, 1-18.

Dec 1: Kurzban et al. 2001. Can race be erased? Coalitional computation and social categorization. Proceedings of the American Academy of Sciences 98(26):15387–15392.

Dec 15: Arceneaux et al. 2020. Is COVID-19 a Threat to Liberal Democracy? https://psyarxiv.com/8e4pa/download?format=pdf

TBD:

Przeworski, Adam. (2020). What Have I Learned from Marx and What Still Stands? Politics & Society.

Achen, C. H. (2005). Let’s put garbage-can regressions and garbage-can probits where they belong. Conflict Management and Peace Science, 22(4):327–339.
